Modern error handling for `req_perform_iterative()` and `req_perform_parallel()` (#372)
r-lib/httr2: NEWS.md

  is now deprecated (#314).

* `req_perform_parallel()` replaces `multi_req_perform()`. `multi_req_perform()`
  is now deprecated (#314). `req_perform_parallel()` has an new error handling
  strategy matching `req_perform_iterative()` and `req_perform_sequential()`.

>   It will bubble up errors by default by you can choose an alterantive strategy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It will bubble up errors by default, but you can choose an alteranative strategy
```
